Please read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this SOFTWARE
PRODUCT. Your use, distribution or installation of this copy of "d-jon" 
indicates your acceptance of this License.

SOFTWARE PRODUCT here means Software, image files, all accompanying files, data 
and materials received with your order of "d-jon".

If you do not agree to any of the terms of this License, then do not install, 
distribute or use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT. If you have purchased a single copy from
YOUR COMPANY or an authorized distributor, reseller or any retail channel, you 
may return it unused, within thirty (30) days after purchase, for a refund of your 
payment less any incidental charges. The 30-day warrantee is applicable only to 
products bought within YOUR COUNTRY. Products downloaded to or shipped out of YOUR 
COUNTRY are strictly non-refundable. 

Warrantee covers defects in the software, which prevents successfully installing 
the software in the buyer's PC. Warrantee does not cover fitness of purpose, not 
meeting of expectations or needs in the mind of the buyer. 

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT is for personal use only and may be installed and used by 
on only one computer. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more 
than one computer. SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be accessed through a network only after 
obtaining a site license. All components accompanying the software are copyrighted 
by YOUR COMPANY and may not be taken apart, modified, used or published with other 
software or means except with the SOFTWARE PRODUCT software and may not be 
distributed or copied in any manner.

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT, all accompanying files, data and materials, are distributed 
"AS IS" and with no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. The user 
must assume all risk of using the program. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes 
an essential part of the agreement. 

Any liability of YOUR COMPANY will be limited exclusively to refund of purchase 
price. In addition, in no event shall YOUR COMPANY, or its principals, shareholders, 
officers, employees, affiliates, contractors, subsidiaries, or parent organizations,
be liable for any incidental, consequential, punitive or any other damages whatsoever 
relating to the use of SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

In addition, in no event does YOUR COMPANY authorize you to use this SOFTWARE PRODUCT 
in applications or systems where SOFTWARE PRODUCT 's failure to perform can reasonably 
be expected to result in a physical injury, or in loss of life. Any such use by you is 
entirely at your own risk, and you agree to hold YOUR COMPANY harmless from any claims 
or losses relating to such unauthorized use.

This Agreement constitutes the entire statement of the Agreement between the parties on 
the subject matter, and merges and supersedes all other or prior understandings, 
purchase orders, agreements and arrangements. This Agreement shall be governed by the 
laws of YOUR COUNTRY OR STATE. 

YOUR COMPANY the owner of the copyright of this SOFTWARE PRODUCT, all of its derivatives,
title and accompanying materials are the exclusive property of YOUR COMPANY. All rights 
of any kind, which are not expressly granted in this License, are entirely and 
exclusively reserved to and by YOUR COMPANY. You may not rent, lease, transfer, modify, 
translate, reverse engineer, de-compile, disassemble or create derivative works based 
on this SOFTWARE PRODUCT. You may not make access to SOFTWARE PRODUCT available to others 
in connection with a service bureau, application service provider, or similar business, 
or use this SOFTWARE PRODUCT in a business to provide file compression, decompression, 
or conversion services to others. There are no third party beneficiaries of any promises, 
obligations or representations made by YOUR COMPANY herein.

You may not disclose to other persons the data or techniques relating to this SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT that you know or should know that it is a trade secret of the YOUR COMPANY in 
any manner that will cause damage to YOUR COMPANY.

This SOFTWARE PRODUCT and all services provided may be used for lawful purposes only. 
Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in 
violation of any YOUR COUNTRY, State or City law is strictly prohibited. This includes, 
but is not limited to: copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or 
obscene, or material protected by trade secret and other statute. You agree to indemnify 
and hold YOUR COMPANY harmless from any claims resulting from the use of this SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT, which may damage any other party.